Time Player Safari This is a dialogue you
are currently on a heading level 1 inside
of Web content Groove.
Dialogues must announce themselves as a
dialogue or pop up and not trap the open
dialogue button you are currently close
button Select your favorite letter Groove
Charlie Select a NATO phonetic letter pop
up button.
You are currently on a pop up button.
Menu 5 items Check Mark BA.
You are currently on a menu item.
To choose this menu item,
closing menu alpha select a NATO phonetic
submit button leaving this as a web page.
Entering toolbar leaving tool alpha close
button.
You are currently on a button open dialog
link back to top of page.
You are currently on a link inside of web
content.